[Feat-30] moonguard docs 1.2.0 (#31)
taecontrol/larastats-docs: docs/events.md

---
id: events
slug: /events
sidebar_position: 12
---

# Events

MoonGuard uses and registers multiple events to execute actions through
listeners. We have created a series of events related to Uptime checks, SSL

> Certificate checks, Exceptions, and system monitoring:

Reviewer: System Monitoring*

event and sends out a notification (**ExceptionLogGroupNotification)** to all
users, notifying them of the creation.

## ExceptionLogGroupUpdatedEvent

This event is triggered when an existing exception log group is modified. This
is useful when multiple repeated exceptions are received in a single batch.
MoonGuard utilizes a listener (**ExceptionLogGroupUpdatedListener)** to listen
for this event and sends out a notification (**ExceptionLogGroupNotification)**
to all users, notifying them of the update.

## SystemMetricAlertEvent

> This event is triggered when the CPU load, memory, or disk space exceeds the
> limit set in the site configuration, causing an alert. MoonGuard utilizes a listener
> (**SystemMetricAlertListener**) to liste for this event and sends out notification
> (**SystemMetricNotification**) to all users, notifying them of the update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This event is triggered when the CPU load, memory, or disk space exceeds the
limit set in the site configuration, any threshold exceeded will trigger alert notifications. MoonGuard utilizes the listener
(**SystemMetricAlertListener**) to listen for this event and sends out notification the
(**SystemMetricNotification**) to all users.
```

If you need to modify the behavior of the Listener, they can be replaced by your

> own listeners from the MoonGuard configuration file:

Reviewer: Replace with:

"In case you want to customize the behavior of this event listeners, they can be replaced by your own listeners in the MoonGuard configuration file:"
